in medicine opened vitalist logic
formed is a vision
a way to make medicine
in an excellent way
the vision that the father had the hippocratic medicine should the
individual as the whole
as a military unit
lived a habit or commune way of seeing
the being in all its dimension
a way to operate at the level of the mental body dimension
vital
building one
my ingeniando
for health
such a curtain balance
the individual
and the social
that that was the vision of the father medicine unfortunately
from the physician, medicine ceased to be
percent practice
and we move to a system
health percent
already a focus
in a way to care for the patient
of extraction adam entre désirade focusing
in the symptomatology or in the current picture in some way so the
patient consumes
somehow suppressing that symptomatology by paying that
symptomatology
with the illusion of what we are talking about it was true that from that way
it's not percent
It is not pure to the patient but we are returning imbalance
in all those dimensions to be in health
and we understand that the mission of the doctor the noblest mission that
ec cure what really the patient
li and what moves him wolf do
suffer in some way
we understand that what is worth curing
is in the depths of the individual that is
the spirit behind all that symptomatology by which the patient
query
some emotion with populist
that we have to try to address
that's also why the doctors are not ready
incorporated a set of psychologists to address that mental part
and that go to the hidden emotion and
or not
so that way
the patient can
for this one address that emotion
and transferred to day we have crossed the
who feels that emotion produces
earl to the lactase that situation to be able
for a hundred and nothing the cause of that disease that is always
this é unha motion a living experience of certain circumstances of
life of the individual
and that's the way we do medicine that we have
that hippocratic approach
that's why it's called vitalistic biological medicine
where we still unite
what we are p energy
vital
and the biological of matter the body
where everything is where it is in a set
and we have in case that more
hippocrates co that all diseases
they have the common denominator of the imbalance of that vitality
that when we recompose that vitality
we are going to recompose the biological
vidal inclán de salteras the biological is also altered
then the logo the vital
for there to be life there has to be that vital force that vital energy
p the difference between the living and dead and six living rooms
we work
in that approach
Hippocrates power has sold as a unit and such
where that unit and such has
a start and an end
is that of the passage
e for the life of each one of us
and in that framework of the aforementioned and what shouts list that we pay different
Services working on different body dimensions
for example
I have stopped apart
for one hundrerd
physical or body
and vital we have the treatment jan if for example where it is a treatment to
Dialog cactus base is
that recomposes
balance that energy of italy you want vital energy recomposes
the immune system
this serving therefore for diseases
where is always altering the vital energy
and the defenses
when defense are the most aggressors to maintain until last month
and when they get sick they're
like cancer the AIDS the vat